Demonstrate best practice for image "Alt text" in Style Guide (#4101)
Codecademy/docs: documentation/style-guide.md

- File names should be in lowercase.
- Images should be used for diagrams, UI illustrations, and showing output to the user.
- Images should not be used to illustrate code. [Code blocks](#code) should be used instead.

> - Use descriptive "Alt text" with images to describe the image, diagram or animation.
>   - The "Alt text" is in square brackets, before the URL in an image tag: `![Text that describes the image, diagram or animation](https://path.to/image)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use descriptive "Alt text" with images to describe the image, diagram, or animation.
  - The "Alt text" should be in square brackets, before the URL in an image tag: `![Text that describes the image, diagram, or animation](https://path.to/image)`
```
